Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#9299)
galaxyproject/galaxy: test/TESTING.md

Galaxy Testing
==============

> The Galaxy code base is large and contains many kinds of tests. The simpler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Galaxy codebase is large and contains many kinds of tests. The simpler
```
